###### tags: `Charity Vigil`
# Meeting #1 Charity Vigil Subcommittee 15/03/2021

#### Attending:
- Jackie (Unigames)
- Keifer (UniSFA)
- Gibbi (Unigames)
- Micheal (PCS)
- Nick (UCC)
- Alex (UCC)
- Will (UniSFA)
- Gozz (PCS) [late]
#### Apologies:

#### Meeting scheduled: 5:00pm
#### Meeting open: 5:12pm

## Subcommittees 1001
- UCC has not approved the subcom regs
	- should be approved by the end of the week
- Everyone else has approved them
### Selection of chair
- Jackie is selected
	- I accidentally chair a bit (sorry)
### Selection of notetaker
- Keifer is selected
### selection of whip
- Keifer is selected

## Charity Vigils 1001
- an overnight annual cameron hall event raising money for charity
- 5pm-10am
- microtransaction etc., to raise money
	- $1 rerolls
	- bidding wars
	- unprogramming contest
	- etc.
- generally raises between 1k and 1.4k
- any questions?
	- do people just come into cameron hall?
		- entry fee but yeah
		- events split into clubrooms and loft sections
	- planning needs?
		- closer to uncharity than unvigil
	- cameron hall capacity?
		- 61 people in Cameron Hall
	- who are we raising money for?
		- Alistair (Unigames prez) is talking to a PAC club to find one
## Event Management
- Jackie has already submitted the EMP and loft booking
- We need an after hours access form for the loft
> Jackie: Get an after hours access form for the loft

## Planned Activities
### Subcommittee plans
- Raffle or Auction?
	- Auction raises a lot at once from bidding wars
	- Raffles can have broader appeal
	- Consider based on prizes?
	- If Raffle 3 prize/person maximum?
	- Raffle chosen
	- Wait until we know more about prizes for details
> All: Ask your committees about raffle prizes, get budget of $65 approved
- Debates/rant/etc
	- $1 to debate someone, 50c for question/meme comment
	- We should organise better than for Uncharity in Jan
- Pizza order
	- food early on gets people to stay, they don't have to leave to stay fed
	- pizza prices rounded up slightly for charity
	- we can make the order on the night
	- we should warn the pizza people in advance
	- last call for pizza and order at 7 to arrive at 8
> Gozz: Warn Dominos about pizza order
- Entry fee
	- usually $5
	- at main entryway, other closed
	- invited to make pizza order at the same time
	- we will need to schedule people to hold the door (not urgent)
### PCS
- Gozz isn't here yet
- Plan is to do an unprogramming contest
- Donate to make Gozz defend an OS or Coding language? (didn't fire at uncharity)
- Gozz has some other proposals for his committee
	- programming drag race (under 5 min speedcoding)
- Willing to handle delivery of pizza
- Willing to take responsibility for ensuring debates happen
### UCC
- The standard:
- VR headset
- Jackbox
- Screencheat
- Minecraft server
### Unigames
- Boardgames
- Oneshots
- MTG? Planechase? (Alistair...?) (He doesn't hear us)
### UniSFA
- Screenings dictated by bidding
- Tournament (Nidhogg?)
- Jack tells us deep lore? (didn't fire at uncharity)

> All: talk to committees to have them plan and run activities and develop monetisation models

## Finance
- All profits to go towards charity
- Gozz: We should have recourse for handling unforeseen expenses/costs
	- See 2019
	- We are required to do a budget anyway
	- I propose that all budgeted losses (with stated upper bounds) be split evenly, and any excess unforeseen costs are split by the following arbitration process:
		- The subcommittee will endeavour to devise a split with the objective of minimizing harm to all involved clubs. This split will then be presented to all clubs for approval. Should any club fail to approve this split, this process will be taken to the Guild for oversight and arbitration.
- Gozz moves that we approve the above strategy
	- Unanimously passed
- $65 budget for prizes per club to be approved by clubs

## Advertising
- All clubs to advertise through normal event promotion methods
	- Charity can be announced later once confirmed
> All: post facebook events ASAP
> Jackie: create facebook event graphic ASAP
> Keifer: write up standardised event description
- Posters can be made and sent to SOC to be put up posters
> Jackie: make prototype posters to run past subcom
- Who gives a buck will help us advertise

## General Business
- 40 attendees estimate
	- 49 attended uncharity so possibly more
- Gozz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (6:15)
- Does UCC have a square?
	- Yes but there's issues
	- They also have a new version of the unvigil online donation tracker they might be able to implement
	- They can get back to us about it
- Breakfast break in the morning?
	- Very early ~4am
	- opportunity for independent breakfast plans
	- block with passive events only
		- Gozz mentions an art challenge as an example
			- UniSFA could run such an event
		- Some kind of quiz type thing?
			- Table round from 4-5
		- Location and human interaction independent
- Gozz: who's writing up the budget?
> Jackie: Write up a nice budget spreedsheet
> All: Get budget approved by committees

#### Meeting closed: 6:57pm

## Action Items
### Jackie
- Get an after hours access form for the loft
- make prototype posters to run past subcom
- create facebook event graphic ASAP
- Write up a nice budget spreedsheet
### Keifer
- write up standardised event description
### Gozz
- Warn Dominos about pizza order
### All
- talk to committees to have them plan and run activities and develop monetisation models
- Get budget approved by committees
