# Meeting #3 Charity Vigil Subcommittee 29/03/2021
###### tags: `Charity Vigil 2021`

#### Attending:
- Keifer (UniSFA)
- Jackie (Unigames)
- Gibbi (Unigames)
- Michael (PCS)
- Alex (UCC)
- Nick (UCC)

#### Apologies:
- Gozz (PCS) (Here in ~~spirit~~ Discord)

#### Meeting scheduled: 5:00pm
#### Meeting open: 5:05pm

## Past action items
### Jackie

> tell Ethan how to organise oneshots: DONE

> finish poster work and distribute them: DONE

### Keifer

> ~~beg~~ contact Tav, and other clubs (Panto, UWAnime) for prizes: DONE

### Gozz

> call Dominos back: DONE

### Michael

> ~~beg~~ contact Varsity for prizes: not done

### All

> go to your clubs to arrange prizes: Ongoing (UCC, UniSFA, PCS), Done (Unigames)

> continue organising activities: Mostly Done (Unigames, UCC, UniSFA, PCS)

> initial discord pings: DONE (all)

## Event Management
### EMP Status
- Not yet approved
- Should be fine
### After Hours Access Form
- done
- Trying to get after hours bathroom access

>Jackie: finish getting after hours bathroom access

### Loft Booking
- done

## Planned Activities
### Subcommittee
#### raffle
- in process of getting prizes

>Jackie: sort out physical raffle tickets

>All: finish obtaining prizes

#### Auction (singular)
- Unigames shirt at same time as raffle
	- Alistair can do it
		- Jackie if necessary

#### Pizza Order
- PCS is handling this
- Location shenanigans
- West Perth Dominos can provide pizza

>Gozz: find pizza order form

#### Breakfast Break
- passive activity
- give drawing prompt at 4am, draw at 5am

>Keifer: drawing prompt things

### PCS
- unprogramming contest
- Debates
- Gozz rants
- Committee member pitched Karaoke (w/ UniSFA)
### UCC
- see previous minutes
- everything is under control
	- Shift is above Control
  		- Thanks
- schedule to be updated
### Unigames
- They're good
- oneshots happening
	- two boat ones
- planechase too
### UniSFA
- we know what we do and we're doing it
- happy to work with PCS committee member on Karaoke

>All: update timeline and comunicate any issues (tonight)

## Finance
- Unigames needs to be reimbursed for printing

>Jackie: find receipt for printing

### Charity
- We're supporting PICYS
	- decided in circular


## Advertising

### Poster
- posters are up in Cam Hall
- did not get up in time for guild village

>All: post charity announcement

## General Business
- is there anything we forgot and need to panic about?
	- It's on Saturday!

>Will, Keifer: arrange contact tracing stuff

- Jackie and Gozz to be in charge of money stuff
	- specifically float management, all subcom can do door entry transactions
	- delegateable if necessary
- door duty to be assigned in timeline
	- take people's money and ask about pizza order

#### Meeting closed: 5:35pm

## Action Items
Jackie:

> Finish getting after hours bathroom access

> Sort out physical raffle tickets

> Find receipt for printing

Keifer:

> Drawing prompt things

> Arrange contact tracing stuff (along with Will)


Will:

> Arrange contact tracing stuff (along with Keifer)


Other:

> (All) finish obtaining prizes

> (Gozz) find pizza order form

> (All) update timeline and comunicate any issues (tonight)

> (All) post charity announcement
